---
description: These are given to users so that they can register on an application.
---

# Licenses

## Create Keys

When creating a key you will need to input the following:&#x20;

1. Amount: The amount of keys you would like to create
2. Key Mask: The format you would like the key to be generated in.&#x20;
3. License Level: The level of the license. This can be used to give users certain access to certain parts of your application.&#x20;
4. License Note: If you would like to set a custom note for the user you can do so, this can view viewed from the dashboard as well as your application.&#x20;
5. License Expiry Unit: The unit of time you'd like to set for the license (seconds, days, months, years, etc)
6. License Duration: The amount of time you'd like to set for the license. Whatever is entered here will be multiplied by the unit duration.&#x20;

{% hint style="info" %}
Setting X/x in the license mask will generate a random character.&#x20;
{% endhint %}

## Import Keys

If you are coming from another service or if you just created keys another way you can import them into KeyAuth by adding them in this format, (KEY, KEYLEVEL, DAYSTOEXPIRE | repeat if you have more than one key)

{% hint style="info" %}
"|" is used as a separator for keys. You will have to enter this for every license you put.
{% endhint %}

## Add Time

This will allow you to add time to the existing licenses. You will need to input the following:&#x20;

1. Unit of time to add: (seconds, minutes, hours, etc)
2. Time to add: The amount of time you'd like to add for the licenses. Whatever is entered here will be multiplied by the unit of time to add.&#x20;

## Download all Keys

This will download all of your keys as a ".txt" file.&#x20;

## Delete All Keys

This will delete all of your keys on your application.&#x20;

{% hint style="danger" %}
Deleting all your keys can not be undone.
{% endhint %}

## Delete All Unused Keys

This will delete all of your unused keys on your application.

{% hint style="danger" %}
Deleting all of your unused keys can not be undone.
{% endhint %}

## Delete All Used Keys

This will delete all of your used keys on your application.&#x20;

{% hint style="danger" %}
Deleting all of your used keys can not be undone.&#x20;
{% endhint %}

## Created License(s) in Table

When you create a license it will be placed inside a table. The table will show the following:&#x20;

1. Key - The key that was created,
2. Creation Date - The day the key was created,
3. Generated By - Who the key was generated by.
4. Duration - When the key is set to expire,
5. Note - The note that was added to the key (if any)
6. Used On - The last time the key was used to login,
7. Used By - The last user that used the application,
8. Status - Displays if the key is being used and/or if it is banned
9. Action - In actions you can delete, ban, or edit the key.
